# 00. What is Angr
## Angr 가 뭐고, 어떻게 사용하는거죠?
angr는 다양한 아키텍쳐의 바이너리들을 분석할 수 있는 도구로써 다양한 바이너리들을 동적 분석하고, 기호 실행(symbolic execusion) 을 수행하기 위한 기능이 있습니다.


# 출처
https://docs.angr.io/

# 원문
## What is angr, and how do I use it?
angr is a multi-architecture binary analysis toolkit, with the capability to perform dynamic symbolic execution (like Mayhem, KLEE, etc.) and various static analyses on binaries. If you'd like to learn how to use it, you're in the right place!

We've tried to make using angr as pain-free as possible - our goal is to create a user-friendly binary analysis suite, allowing a user to simply start up iPython and easily perform intensive binary analyses with a couple of commands. That being said, binary analysis is complex, which makes angr complex. This documentation is an attempt to help out with that, providing narrative explanation and exploration of angr and its design.
Several challenges must be overcome to programmatically analyze a binary. They are, roughly:
- Loading a binary into the analysis program.
- Translating a binary into an intermediate representation (IR).
- Performing the actual analysis. This could be:
  - A partial or full-program static analysis (i.e., dependency analysis, program slicing).
  - A symbolic exploration of the program's state space (i.e., "Can we execute it until we find an overflow?").
  - Some combination of the above (i.e., "Let's execute only program slices that lead to a memory write, to find an overflow.")

angr has components that meet all of these challenges. This book will explain how each one works, and how they can all be used to accomplish your evil goals.

## Get Started
Installation instructions can be found [here](https://docs.angr.io/INSTALL.html).  
To dive right into angr's capabilities, start with the [top level methods](https://docs.angr.io/docs/toplevel.html) and read forward from there.  
A searchable HTML version of this documentation is hosted at [docs.angr.io](http://docs.angr.io/), and an HTML API reference can be found at [angr.io/api-doc](http://angr.io/api-doc/).  